[Identity] Update documentation (#26483)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/identity/azure-identity/README.md

# Azure Identity client library for Python

> The Azure Identity library provides [Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-whatis) token authentication support across the Azure SDK. It provides a set of [`TokenCredential`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azure-core/azure.core.credentials.tokencredential?view=azure-python) implementations which can be used to construct Azure SDK clients which support Azure AD token authentication.

Reviewer: Omit the locale string
```suggestion
The Azure Identity library provides [Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-whatis) token authentication support across the Azure SDK. It provides a set of [`TokenCredential`](https://learn.microsoft.com/python/api/azure-core/azure.core.credentials.tokencredential?view=azure-python) implementations which can be used to construct Azure SDK clients which support Azure AD token authentication.
```

> The Azure Identity library provides [Azure Active Directory (AAD)](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-whatis) token authentication through a set of convenient TokenCredential implementations. It enables Azure SDK clients to authenticate with AAD, while also allowing other Python apps to authenticate with AAD work and school accounts, Microsoft personal accounts (MSA), and other Identity providers like [AAD B2C](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory-b2c/overview) service.

Reviewer: Per the Microsoft writing style guide, Azure AD is the approved abbreviated form of the product.

```suggestion
The Azure Identity library provides [Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-whatis) token authentication through a set of convenient TokenCredential implementations. It enables Azure SDK clients to authenticate with Azure AD, while also allowing other Python apps to authenticate with Azure AD work and school accounts, Microsoft personal accounts (MSA), and other Identity providers like [Azure AD B2C](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory-b2c/overview) service.
```

> The Azure Identity library provides [Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-whatis) token authentication through a set of convenient TokenCredential implementations. It enables Azure SDK clients to authenticate with Azure AD, while also allowing other Python apps to authenticate with Azure AD work and school accounts, Microsoft personal accounts (MSA), and other Identity providers like [Azure AD B2C](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory-b2c/overview) service.

Author: @scottaddie I noticed that at the end, we say "...and other Identity providers like [Azure AD B2C]..." when in the known issues section, we say "This library doesn't support [Azure AD B2C]...". Is there anything else that can be called out here ("...and other Identity providers like [something else]") or would just saying "...and other Identity providers." suffice?

[Source code](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/main/sdk/identity/azure-identity)
| [Package (PyPI)](https://pypi.org/project/azure-identity/)
| [API reference documentation][ref_docs]

> | [Azure Active Directory documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Azure AD documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/)
```

accept a credential instance when they are constructed, and use that credential
to authenticate requests.

The Azure Identity library focuses on OAuth authentication with Azure AD. It offers a variety of credential classes capable of acquiring
an Azure AD access token. See the [Credential classes](#credential-classes "Credential classes") section below for a list of
this library's credential classes.

### DefaultAzureCredential

> `DefaultAzureCredential` is appropriate for most applications which will run in the Azure Cloud because it combines common production credentials with development credentials. `DefaultAzureCredential` attempts to authenticate via the following mechanisms in this order, stopping when one succeeds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DefaultAzureCredential` is appropriate for most applications which will run in Azure because it combines common production credentials with development credentials. `DefaultAzureCredential` attempts to authenticate via the following mechanisms, in this order, stopping when one succeeds:
```

`DefaultAzureCredential` is appropriate for most applications which will run in the Azure Cloud because it combines common production credentials with development credentials. `DefaultAzureCredential` attempts to authenticate via the following mechanisms in this order, stopping when one succeeds:

> >Note: `DefaultAzureCredential` is intended to simplify getting started with the SDK by handling common

Reviewer: "SDK" refers to the collection of libraries across the languages. When referring to a single language's library, as is the case here, use "library".
```suggestion
>Note: `DefaultAzureCredential` is intended to simplify getting started with the library by handling common
```

1. **Azure PowerShell** - If a user has signed in via Azure PowerShell's `Connect-AzAccount` command, `DefaultAzureCredential` will authenticate as that user.
1. **Interactive browser** - If enabled, `DefaultAzureCredential` will interactively authenticate a user via the default browser. This is disabled by default.

#### Note about `VisualStudioCodeCredential`

> Due to a [known issue](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/issues/23249), `VisualStudioCodeCredential` has been removed from the `DefaultAzureCredential` token chain. When the issue is resolved in a future release it will return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to a [known issue](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/issues/23249), `VisualStudioCodeCredential` has been removed from the `DefaultAzureCredential` token chain. When the issue is resolved in a future release, this change will be reverted.
```

client = SecretClient("https://my-vault.vault.azure.net", default_credential)
```

> ## Managed Identity Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Managed identity support
```

> The [Managed identity authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview) is supported via either the `DefaultAzureCredential` or the `ManagedIdentityCredential` directly for the following Azure Services:

Reviewer: While you're here, please replace all occurrences of "docs.microsoft.com" with "learn.microsoft.com".

> The [Managed identity authentication](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview) is supported via either the `DefaultAzureCredential` or the `ManagedIdentityCredential` directly for the following Azure Services:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Managed identity authentication](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview) is supported via either the `DefaultAzureCredential` or the `ManagedIdentityCredential` directly for the following Azure services:
```

> * [Azure Virtual Machines](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/how-to-use-vm-token)

Reviewer: Alphabetize this list of services

* [Azure Virtual Machines Scale Sets](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/qs-configure-powershell-windows-vmss)
* [Azure App Service and Azure Functions](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/overview-managed-identity?tabs=python)
* [Azure Kubernetes Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/use-managed-identity)
* [Azure Cloud Shell](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cloud-shell/msi-authorization)
* [Azure Arc](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-arc/servers/managed-identity-authentication)
* [Azure Service Fabric](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/service-fabric/concepts-managed-identity)

### Examples

> #### Authenticating with a user-assigned managed identity

Reviewer: Avoid gerunds in headings, when possible
```suggestion
#### Authenticate with a user-assigned managed identity
```

```py
from azure.identity import ManagedIdentityCredential
from azure.keyvault.secrets import SecretClient

credential = ManagedIdentityCredential(client_id=managed_identity_client_id)
client = SecretClient("https://my-vault.vault.azure.net", credential)
```

> #### Authenticating with a system-assigned managed identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Authenticate with a system-assigned managed identity
```

```py
from azure.identity import ManagedIdentityCredential
from azure.keyvault.secrets import SecretClient

credential = ManagedIdentityCredential()
client = SecretClient("https://my-vault.vault.azure.net", credential)
```

## Cloud configuration

> Credentials default to authenticating to the Azure Active Directory endpoint for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Credentials default to authenticating to the Azure AD endpoint for
```

## Credential classes

> ### Authenticating Azure-hosted applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Authenticate Azure-hosted applications
```

|Credential|Usage
|-|-
|[`DefaultAzureCredential`][default_cred_ref]| Provides a simplified authentication experience to quickly start developing applications run in the Azure cloud.
|[`ChainedTokenCredential`][chain_cred_ref]| Allows users to define custom authentication flows composing multiple credentials.
|[`EnvironmentCredential`][environment_cred_ref]| Authenticates a service principal or user via credential information specified in environment variables.
|[`ManagedIdentityCredential`][managed_id_cred_ref]| Authenticates the managed identity of an Azure resource.

> ### Authenticating service principals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Authenticate service principals
```

|Credential|Usage|Reference
|-|-|-
|[`CertificateCredential`][cert_cred_ref]| Authenticates a service principal using a certificate. | [Service principal authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/app-objects-and-service-principals)
|[`ClientAssertionCredential`][client_assertion_cred_ref]| Authenticates a service principal using a signed client assertion. |
|[`ClientSecretCredential`][client_secret_cred_ref]| Authenticates a service principal using a secret. | [Service principal authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/app-objects-and-service-principals)

> ### Authenticating users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Authenticate users
```

|[`DeviceCodeCredential`][device_code_cred_ref]| Interactively authenticates a user on devices with limited UI. | [Device code authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-device-code)
|[`InteractiveBrowserCredential`][interactive_cred_ref]| Interactively authenticates a user with the default system browser. | [OAuth2 authentication code](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-auth-code-flow)
|[`OnBehalfOfCredential`][obo_cred_ref]| Propagates the delegated user identity and permissions through the request chain. | [On-behalf-of authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-on-behalf-of-flow)
|[`UsernamePasswordCredential`][userpass_cred_ref]| Authenticates a user with a username and password (does not support multi-factor authentication). |  [Username + password authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth-ropc)

> ### Authenticating via development tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Authenticate via development tools
```

|[`OnBehalfOfCredential`][obo_cred_ref]| Propagates the delegated user identity and permissions through the request chain. | [On-behalf-of authentication](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-on-behalf-of-flow)
|[`UsernamePasswordCredential`][userpass_cred_ref]| Authenticates a user with a username and password (does not support multi-factor authentication). |  [Username + password authentication](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth-ropc)

### Authenticate via development tools

|Credential|Usage|Reference
|-|-|-
|[`AzureCliCredential`][cli_cred_ref]| Authenticates in a development environment with the Azure CLI. | [Azure CLI authentication](https://learn.microsoft.com/cli/azure/authenticate-azure-cli)
|[`PowerShellCredential`][powershell_cred_ref]| Authenticates in a development environment with the Azure PowerShell. | [Azure PowerShell authentication](https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/azure/authenticate-azureps)

> |[`VisualStudioCodeCredential`][vscode_cred_ref]| Authenticates as the user signed in to the Visual Studio Code Azure Account extension. | [VS Code Azure extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/azure/extensions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[`VisualStudioCodeCredential`][vscode_cred_ref]| Authenticates as the user signed in to the Visual Studio Code Azure Account extension. | [VS Code Azure Account extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.azure-account)
```

`DefaultAzureCredential` or `ChainedTokenCredential`,
the message collects error messages from each credential in the chain.

> For more details on handling specific Azure AD errors, see the Azure AD
> [error code documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/reference-aadsts-error-codes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on handling specific Azure AD errors, see the Azure AD [error code documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/reference-aadsts-error-codes).
```

> For more details on handling specific Azure Active Directory errors please refer to the

Reviewer: In general, avoid using the word "please" in docs.
```suggestion
For more details on handling specific Azure AD errors, see the
```
